
### 자기소개
Q : Let's start the interview now. Tell me about yourself
A : Hey, I'm Minji, but you can call me MJ. I'm from Korea and now I'm a university student.

### 집설명
Q : Please describe your house to me. What does it look like? How many rooms does it have? Tell me in detail.
A : I live in an apartment. There are 3 rooms and 2 bathrooms. The biggest room is for my mom and dad, the room at the end is mine, and the other one is for my sister. I have 2 dogs, so one bathroom is for them and the other is for us.

Q : Please tell me about the home you lived in when you were a child. How was that home different from the home you live in now? Give me many details.
A : I've always lived in apartment and our family like to use thing for a long time so there are not so many difference. But the biggest differnce is dog! . i didn't have dog when i was young. So there was not thing for dog. We didn't have dog stairs, dog bathroom, and any kind of dog products.

Q : What is your responsibility at home? What things do you usually do to keep your house clean and comfortable? What is your role, and what are the different responsibilities in your family? Tell me about it in detail.
A : My role at my home is taking care of the dog. I walk my dog everyday over 1hour. As for my mom , my role is being a son. My father comes home once 2week. So I usally do things what a "man" typically does, like fixing thing of assembling furniture.

### 카페
Q : You indicated in the survey that you go to cafes or coffee shops. Tell me about the café you often go to. Where is the café located? What does it look like? Is there something special about that café?
A : I often go to a cafe called "compose". It is near my university. It looks like general cafe'. But it targets university student so it has many seats and power outlet. Also it is  quite cheap!

Q : When was the first time you went to a café? When was it? Who did you go with? What do you remember the most about that café? Provide as many details as possible.
A : hmm... I cant remember!.. I go cafe since when i was young.....But i guess first time i go cafe with is  my friend 승희. i met her at 6 and she is on of my best friend. So when i was young i always along with her.  And Most remembered cafe...is... I cant remeber the name but I can explain why. It was just a same day. I walked for study 